Reflection - Workshop Five – Member Operators and Helper Functions

In this workshop, the primary topics I worked through were member operators and helper functions. Member operators refers to the operators 
that can be overloaded using member functions within the class definition. Helper functions operate outside of the class definition, but 
can still support a class by having explicit parameters, including at least one of the class type being supported.

In part one of the workshop, I was tasked with creating a class to complete the implementation of the apartment module, including the 
apartment number and the rent. I began by spending time on familiarizing myself with the concepts in the readings for this chapter. I also 
reviewed my notes from the lecture. I then put these concepts into practice by starting my code, such as defining a apartment class that can
 hold private and public data inside of that class. For part one of the workshop, the function appeared to run smoothly. However, the 
operator overload caused me to be very confused as it was difficult to understand. In particular, I was stuck on the swap function and left 
right shift function. Then I finally fixed the problem by walking through the code and understanding how it works. After I submitted part 
one, I realized I misunderstood the concept in that I coded two friend functions instead of the stand-alone function. In particular, my 
functions were showing as per the below: 

//helper standalone operator 
friend double operator+(const Apartment& leftOperand, const Apartment& rightOperand); 
friend double operator+=(double& leftOperand, const Apartment& rightOperand); 

If I had second chance, I would code the standalone function as showing below instead:
double operator+(const Apartment& leftOperand, const Apartment& rightOperand);
double operator+=(double& leftOperand, const Apartment& rightOperand);

For the workshop part two DIY, I was tasked with creating a C++ Module for a class called Mark to encapsulate a mark between 0 and 100. 
This part of the code is the most complicated thing I have done as part of the workshops so far. I was stuck for a long time on the type 
conversion function. No matter what I fixed, the implementation file never read my conversion. It gave me all boolean values of 1 or 0. 
After walking through my code many times, I finally discovered that I was missing all the const type for all the functions that need to 
be const, so the compiler didn't recognize the conversion type. 

In addition to the const type missing, I found more errors from the prefix and binary helper functions. The prefix was missing the object,
so it printed out the value instead of the invalid state. This was because I did not initially check the validation. For the binary 
helper function, I was getting the number 40 with no square bracket, however the output was supposed to include the square bracket. Also, 
the number 70 should not have included a square bracket in the output, but I received the number with bracket. The cause of this conflict 
was due to my two plus helper function for plus operator overloading. What should have occurred is that the one with no square bracket 
should return a integer value, and the other one with square bracket should return a object.

In conclusion, I found this workshop to be very challenging, however I was able to complete it by carefully reviewing my code and 
identifying errors. 



