Reflection - Final Project - Valet Parking Application

For this project I built a valet parking application. The project involved concepts learned throughout the semester to build a valet parking 
application that can load vehicle information from a datafile, allow for user updates and save the information. The object-oriented 
programming concepts that I applied for this project include encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism. 

For milestone one I created the user interface menu system. With the menu completed, I moved onto milestone two in which I created a mock up 
application that represents what the valet parking application will look and act like, without having functionality yet. For milestone three,
I created a prototype of the valet parking application. For milestone four, created the car and motorcycle module. 

For milestone five, I added functionality to valet parking application which was created in milestone two. Prior to adding this functionality
, there was only a simple console message. This was a challenging milestone because I when I combined the code from the previous milestones, 
I had to make some modifications to ensure compatibility. 

To complete the whole project, I used almost every concept that we learned during the whole semester. For example, I had to read and write 
the datafile the using file stream class, as well as how to store the data into my parking object by using function overloading. To complete 
this task, I applied techniques such as construction, destruction, rule of three, member functions and dynamic memory allocation. I did not 
borrow any code outside of the course material. I utilized the uppercase converting function, which I partially borrowed from the utils file
 that the professor provided. 

In conclusion, this project allowed me use various coding techniques to help me understand concepts such as inheritance, which includes 
derived classes, function in a hierarchy, virtual functions, and abstract base class. Each of the many problems I encountered in running 
my programs resulted in learning opportunities. An example of such a learning opportunity is when I discovered that I had confused the 
relationship between base class and child class. 


